Fix docs warnings (#3819)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/developer_space/workflows/documentation_workflow/user_documentation_workflow.rst

   You will need to

   - check if you have Java installed. The minimum version needed is Java 8.
     (e.g., to install the latest available version on Ubuntu: ``sudo apt install default-jre``)

>    - Download the `GPL version of the plantuml jar file <https://plantuml.com/download>`_ (Minimum version is 1-2023-10)

Reviewer: We actually have a `:version:` role that can help to prevent spreading hard-coded numbers in our docs, and this would be a perfect situation for it. It is not a well known feature, but I think it's important to use it whenever we touch a version requirement in the docs anyway – *en passant*.
```suggestion
   - Download the `GPL version of the plantuml jar file <https://plantuml.com/download>`_ (Minimum version is :min-version[plantuml]:)
```
…together with a corresponding entry in [`versions.json`](https://github.com/nest/nest-simulator/blob/main/doc/htmldoc/_ext/versions.json). (Same for the Java version one line above.)

@jessica-mitchell, I seem to be unable to find any hint about this in our documentation, nor can I see in the code how this role is to be used. Could you fill us in?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nest/nest-simulator/pull/3819/commits/da056c7f54879afd9144e43a047ccc47596d8b0f. Note that the syntax is slightly different.

Reviewer 2: @terhorstd no this isnt well documented; it should render the version e.g., `3.10` with :version:`python` or :version:`python, min` (assuming min is specified in the json)
